so this airpod looking thing showed up
at the studio and this was sent by a
company who in the past have sent me
very accurate and reliable mockups of
Hardware that's pre-release so they sent
me blanks of upcoming iPhones they've
sent me the resin model of the pixel
fold before it was available they also
sent me the Surface Duo like a
functioning surface Duo before it was
released they have a very good track
record with me but last week when this
device showed up I thought it was pretty
interesting because this is supposed to
be a upcoming airpod Pro case and it's
just airpods Pro except the defining
feature is that it has a touchcreen on
it now when I cut this in when I pulled
it out of the box the first reaction I
had was like there's no way this is real
there's no way that apple is coming out
with this thing because there's so many
questions so many thoughts I have about
this thing about why it probably
shouldn't even exist but I I asked them
is this legit and they're like they seem
quite convinced that this was actually
going to be thing so I look into it and
it turns out that in 2022 Apple did file
a patent for a device that looks to be
some kind of case for airpods and this
case has a touchcreen and they document
the kind of functionality of that
touchcreen but the thing to keep in mind
when it comes to Apple patents is that
the vast majority of their patents don't
end up as a product a lot of it is for
like experimental or explorative
purposes but in this case I feel like
this could actually be a real device and
also it's it's also the confidence that
those guys seem to have about this whole
thing
now I have so many questions and
thoughts okay uh when you compare it
with a real airpod Pro two this is the
one with the USBC Port they both have
USBC ports they both have a little
speaker thing uh they both have the
lanyard loop on the right they both have
same kind of back metal hinge the
button it and when you open it up it's
also identical it really is just the
presence of the screen that is the
difference also kudos to them for
actually fitting a screen onto a case
like this I'll be honest I was surprised
that this thing could even exist but the
question that you have the
million-dollar question is why would
Apple even put a touchcreen onto airpods
in the first place okay so on this
mockup the thing that I have here it has
some functionality like touchscreen
gives you controls namely uh audio
controls you can control your music you
get volume controls you get ANC controls
so you can like turn your noise
cancellation on and off you can enter
transparency mode uh and this was all
functional that was the crazy thing like
you could do all the stuff with these
buds that were in here uh there's also
an EQ if you want to like crank up your
base you can uh there's just a whole
bunch of functionality including a find
my buds like you could this was all
functional right you could
just have it out
and like it all worked now the sound
quality on these buds aren't great
they're not real buds but it was crazy
that this was functional
now my initial reaction is like okay
this is all cool but the one thing that
I would have loved to have seen would be
the ability for my phone to be able to
send media to this thing so it could use
like an iPod right but it turns out you
can't do that and if you look at the
patent filing that also seems to be the
case the device that they have there in
the patent is only used as a controller
for an external audio Source like your
phone or computer that's nearby and then
I thought if you need your phone nearby
why would you use this like imagine you
had the airpods case in one pocket and
then your phone in the other pocket in
What scenario is it easier or better to
use the controls on the case instead of
your phone like I just couldn't wrap my
heads around and also by introducing a
screen onto this thing you now make it
more expensive you make it heavier you
make it more fra
now the battery has to be bigger to be
able to juice all this stuff like it
just seems like a really bizarre thing
for Apple to even consider that I was
just like this seems impossible like
actually unlikely now it is Apple they
have the tendency to just put screens on
things whenever they can because they
can like I said the same thing about
having the touch bar on the MacBook Pro
a few years back I was like why because
they can same with the Vision Pro when
this thing launched I was like why are
they putting this whole Vision thing on
the front like why their screen it makes
it more expensive more heavy like the
same things right same problems by
adding a screen on the front of things
but it's what Apple does and they just
do it because they can now there's
another layer to all this when I used
this over the past few days and I tried
to kind of Imagine a scenario where I
would actually want to use this it it
couldn't click for me it just didn't
really make sense to me as to why a
screen on an airpod case would be useful
however this is not the only device out
there and this thing isn't even real
there are other products out there right
now you can buy that have kind of some
kind of wireless earbuds with a screen
on the front of the case the most
prominent one being from JBL the JBL
tour Pro 2 and this device has great
reviews but the interesting thing is
that even though a handful of these
reviews mention a gimmicky screen like
you know the screen doesn't do that much
the vast majority of the reviews seem to
love the existence of that touchcreen a
lot of people are talking about how it's
got this extra functionality and the
whole time I'm like do do these people
not have phones like why is this special
so maybe it's something that I just I
personally don't get and maybe some of
you guys can chime in and be like you
know there's awesome functionality to
that but I cannot Envision a scenario
where if I was in a store and I could
choose between two devices right one
with a screen or the one without a
screen that's going to be invariably
cheaper I would always choose the
cheaper one that was
screenless
unless oh my
God as I was saying that
sentence I think I something just came
into my mind what if okay okay okay okay
okay oh my God right now this is a
$250 product us the regular airpods Pro
2 now what if the Next Generation the
airpods Pro 3 only comes comes
with a screened case as in it's the only
option what if there is no screenless
case that you can buy you have to get a
case with the screen dude I can totally
see this they charge you $280 so instead
of $250 it's now $280 that $30 bump up
in price you get slightly better audio
but the big thing is you get a screen
now and that justifies that bump up in
price for the consumers this totally
makes sense cuz also opens up this
upgrade tree cuz then the next year they
can sell you the the retina version and
then the liquid retina version then the
one with the notch they got this whole
you can do that whole thing now you
see oh my God this this finally makes
sense to me this whole time I I just
couldn't piece it together but now this
scenario actually makes sense because
this is a very high margin product right
these things are very cheap to produce
and they sell for a lot of money but
what if you could bump up the price by
like 30 bucks when it only cost you
maybe five or six dollars more to
produce it that would be such an apple
thing to
do dudes that's got to be it that's got
to be why this thing could possibly
exist now whether or not it actually
comes out I don't know but it totally
makes sense to me now it totally makes
sense to me what do you think now I
could be totally wrong for some people
out there that be like Dave you're
completely an idiot there are so many
usage cases where having a screen is
Awesome on an airpod C
educate me please like legitimately I
want to know if that's a real thing but
what do you
think that's my theory for the day hope
you guys enjoyed this
video